I totally understand the potential for
him to be a bit disruptive because he
hasn't been in the lineup and just
having him back in there and tried to do
what you can to help him along maybe
somewhat of a distraction considering
the magnitude of the opponent that
they're going up against that would that
would seem ill-advised it wouldn't it
wouldn't appear to be the wisest thing
or Russell Westbrook is lethal man he's
something special he is a special
special talent and I refuse to believe
that his presence on the Oklahoma City
Thunder roster in any way is a liability
I just don't believe it I'm just one of
those guys and just like you know skip
the courage of his convictions and being
stubborn in this particular instance I'm
the same way when it comes to Russell
Westbrook I think that his talent is so
surreal I can't look at him as a
liability if I tonight you can't even
tonight I just I'd to me tonight you
need a star on the squad with you if
you're Kevin Durant it can't hurt it can
only help even if he's a decoy because
he's that special and to me that that's
what it comes down to Russell Westbrook
is the most athletic point guard
arguably in NBA history he is a top 10
player in the NBA when healthy without
question and I look at him and if he's
on the floor I imagine he's been
practicing magic working out I imagine
that Scott Brooks and Sam Presti and
it's cautious as they have been you know
and protecting him and bringing him
along this is a guy that when he shows
up on the court he's not gonna show up
unless he's ready to play I agree and I
think because of that I can't view him
as a liability he's just too big time of
a talent for me to look at and he's too
much of a competitor aunt Edie's up he
does it all I can't look at him as a
liability I understand he could be a bit
disruptive momentarily but I just think
that they played together long enough
and he is too big time talented and
Kevin Durant is who he is
they'll find a way within within the 48
minutes mix to work it out that's what I
believe by the way I'm still not sure
Russell Westbrook is a point guard I
think he's still more of a 2 than a
point and I also think that as I've
watched Duran over the last month or so
Duran is actually a better distributor
of the basketball than Russell is I'm
just talking about the goddess the ball
up the court like you said all right I
believe that there is no way to all your
points to Jesus made that Russell
Westbrook will ease back into this flow
he loves to play basketball he has been
itching as you've seen night after night
on the bench to get into the basketball
game and I think he will return with
guns blazing this young man has a huge
ego i think his ego is bigger than
Kevin's and that's a that's a compliment
for me he plays with a big ego because
he has huge confidence in his special
ability that you just talked about but
for one Kevin Durant after the month he
just had with the greenest light in the
NBA it's going to be like going from the
lava flow the red-hot flow that he's
been in to jumping into an ice bath with
Russell Westbrook because this is going
to be a shock to Kevin's basketball
equilibrium he's just too big a presence
Russell Westbrook to say Oh we'll just
pick right back up where we left off
because Kevin is leaving off the hottest
month of his career in fact I can make a
case averaging 35 points over the last
whatever it's been let's see 72 60 he
played 16 of those 17 games I can make a
case nobody has had a better stretch in
the history of this league then Durant
is coming off so now here come the Miami
Heat with LeBron chomping for a shot at
revenge over KD and katie has to worry
about guarding LeBron for much of the
game and trying to figure out a new flow
with his old partner who hasn't played
since white Christmas Wow whoa whoa well
well let me say this there's a couple of
things Russell Westbrook has played in
only 25 games this year he averaged 21 7
and 6 in those 25 games you start off
the season play
came into the season injured you know
came there played about 25 games yeah
the last time we saw him was Christmas
Day now albeit it was against the next
last time we saw it was Christmas Day
and the man had a triple-double about a
third quarter we didn't even know
anything was wrong with them and that's
okay headed after the game is every know
where we gonna sit you down so what I'm
trying to say to you is that it's not
like he was out with some torn ACL or
something and he's coming back for the
first time he had a triple-double and
they pulled him out yes I'll get me shot
me is it exactly he was I mean he was
running up the court even he was like
what's up what you got me out for you
know so so they like let's be cautious
and what have you so I just think that
again it's not going to be as difficult
as you're portraying it to be that him
and KD are going to be able to jail
they've been playing together for years
I think they'll be fine not only that
Reggie Brooks Reggie Jackson I'm sorry
is a lot like Russell Westbrook he's not
to that level no but he's his style of
play his attitude is aggression the kind
of things he tries to do it's similar to
that a Jeremy land is similar to a Kevin
Martin a Serge Ibaka is much improved
that Kendrick Perkins plays his role all
I'm saying is it's the team that one of
the things that this goes under
estimated that there really falls into
the radar it's that Oklahoma City is
very accustomed to playing together they
don't do a lot of changes well a custom
playing with kevin together because look
over the last six weeks Kevin basically
played point forward the ball went
through him to Reggie to Jeremy to Ibaka
off the pick-and-roll you know and I
know you call him a point guard and I
the only thing he does point guard wise
to me is he dribbles the ball up the
floor almost every time so tonight
Kevin's going to have to get used to
playing a little more maybe a lot more
without the basketball
you